hi guys it's Jenna belli I'm gonna do a
very quick flip video today of my
outdoor warmup journal now if you're
following my vlog channel you would have
seen this more on that channel it's the
very first video I did on that channel
it was about this warm up journal so
won't go into it too much because it's
already on there but basically it is
what it says on the tin it's warm up
journal it is a place where I can slurp
a couple of things down and don't feel
like I have to do proper art journal
places it's a very freeing space it's a
space where I don't feel like I have to
complete any pages so sometimes I've
just done a little bit flat ground or
and then left it and then maybe I have
built up a page that actually was a
waste stencil page or a waste paint page
something like that
so yeah it's been very freeing I've had
this from the summer to now so it's
about 6 months I've done this journal
and if you follow my vlog channel you
will know that I find it very difficult
in this outdoor space to actually create
anything proper anything that takes more
than a few minutes basically so this
warm up journal has been great for me
just dipping in and out of I'm not
feeling the pressure of having to create
anything on there so you can go and find
more about it on my vlog channel if you
want um but I'm just going to do a quick
vlog now where I'll just flip through it
very quickly because it's not as much to
see it's what there will be in a se
normal Journal of mine so I just put
music over it and yeah I'll get going
is it
I hope is given you if you don't keep a
warm up journal yourself I have a warm
up journal inside as well which I
haven't ever shown before but I might do
at some point in the future yes I hope
if you don't keep a warm up journal
particularly if you're new to art
journaling that you might consider
keeping one because it really is very
freeing from feeling like you have to
create pages that are proper pages so
hope this has given you some ideas if
you don't already have one and I hope
you enjoyed the flip and I am wishing
you all a very happy and wonderful 2014
you